penn far affects this is the star shine
it is a clean boost it will also get a
little hairy for you if you need it to
do so the glow and the shine will try
them both when it's up in the globe
positions got a little bit more warmth
good for swapping guitars from humbug
use two single coils and the shine would
be your direct signal going through the
pedal something like that I don't know
I'm bad with technical technicalities
yes humbug ease mm-hmm Marshall Marshall
set up kind of clean set up really clean
not kind of clean it's really clean here
we go right straight signal we've got
the switch II set on shine which is your
straight signal as well without the
extra warm circuit kick in will move
there in a minute here we go the knob on
the pedal all the way down
so in all the way down position on the
knobby it's like you're straight-up
clean boost it's actually pretty loud
cool Brides to all right we'll kick it
on the warm side actually they call it
the globe but you know what I'm talking
about
shine with the glow
I got back to the shine setting got the
Navi cranked up about one o'clock
you
back to the all the way down position